After thousands of rounds of intense competition
Our three grandmasters compete
And made it to the finals.
Let me introduce you to our first Final Four contestant.
He is giving all his opponents to
Jolipa, the mourner of the French tyrant
The second great master
He's an old-school grandmaster.
His move Fei Long pseudonymous hand is invincible
This might be his last time
Compete for the top of the world martial arts
He is Li Changlong, the contemporary official of Feilong Martial Arts Hall
The third master
Before the age of 30, he had his own grandmaster
Tribute also comes from the words of Fei Long
It is a mentoring relationship with Curator Li
In the same vein
He is the young master of the Weilong Martial Arts Hall, Long Wei
Ah, this Longfei martial arts hall is actually a double master
It's just amazing.
No way.
I have to figure out a way to stuff my son in too
This year's World Martial Arts Conference
I, Huaxia, account for half of the top four
I heard that the four strong people who were killed in the ultimate bloody battle
I am also a member of Huaxia
World Heroes Out of China
This year, the glory of the supreme martial arts, I am expected to be in China
The fourth ball made him announce that he would not come
How did you know he wouldn't come?
Although he told me himself
He is afraid of the big scene
Worried that he won't come back
So private idols recognize from our country
The five worst in the world
So, just announce the promotion directly
So in that case
This is my announcement.
Who said we threw in the towel and retired?